Create README.md (#1)
SonyaPakhomova/taxi-service: README.md

![This](https://st2.depositphotos.com/10376142/44704/v/600/depositphotos_447041804-stock-video-yellow-taxi-car-icon-isolated.jpg)

## Description: :oncoming_taxi:
This project is implementation of a taxi service that is connected to a database. The project is built on the principles
of SOLID and has three levels architecture:

1. Data access layer (DAO) 
2. Application layer (service)
3. Presentation layer (controllers).

This project provides the ability to authenticate the user as a driver, add cars and manufacturers. It is
also possible to add drivers for cars and display all available info about drivers, cars, and manufacturers.

## Used technologies: :technologist:
- Maven
- Maven Checkstyle Plugin
- MySQL
- JDBC
- Apache Tomcat (v9.0.50)
- Servlet
- JSP
- JSTL
- HTML, CSS
- Lombok (v1.18.20)

## Instructions for setup :heavy_check_mark:
1. Configure Apache Tomcat (v9.0.50)
2. Install MySQL and MySQL Workbench

> 3. You can use the script from init_db.sql in MySQL Workbench..

Reviewer: for what do they need to use this script?

![This](https://st2.depositphotos.com/10376142/44704/v/600/depositphotos_447041804-stock-video-yellow-taxi-car-icon-isolated.jpg)

## Description: :oncoming_taxi:

This project is implementation of a taxi service that is connected to a database. The project is built on the principles
of SOLID and has three levels architecture:

1. Data access layer (DAO) 
2. Application layer (service)
3. Presentation layer (controllers).

This project provides the ability to authenticate the user as a driver, add cars and manufacturers. It is
also possible to add drivers for cars and display all available info about drivers, cars, and manufacturers.

## Used technologies: :technologist:
- Maven
- Maven Checkstyle Plugin
- MySQL
- JDBC
- Apache Tomcat (v9.0.50)
- Servlet
- JSP
- JSTL
- HTML, CSS
- Lombok (v1.18.20)

## Instructions for setup :heavy_check_mark:

1. Configure Apache Tomcat (v9.0.50)
2. Install MySQL and MySQL Workbench
3. You can use the script from init_db.sql in MySQL Workbench or can create schema by using

> diagram of DB from the picture below by yourself.

Reviewer: you removed digram so modify this sentence too

4. In the ConnectionUtil change data properties to the ones you
specified when installing MySQL

> 6. In the log4j2.xml change fileName path with the absolute path to file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the log4j2.xml change fileName path with the absolute path to file
```

![This](https://st2.depositphotos.com/10376142/44704/v/600/depositphotos_447041804-stock-video-yellow-taxi-car-icon-isolated.jpg)

## Description: :oncoming_taxi:

This project is implementation of a taxi service that is connected to a database. The project is built on the principles
of SOLID and has three levels architecture:

1. Data access layer (DAO) 
2. Application layer (service)
3. Presentation layer (controllers).

> This project provides the ability to authenticate the user as a driver, add cars and data on their manufacturers. It is
> also possible to add drivers for the correct cars and display the available data from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides the ability to authenticate the user as a driver, add cars and manufacturers. It is
also possible to add drivers for cars and display all available info about drivers, cars, and manufacturers.
```

## Used technologies: :technologist:

- Maven

> - Maven Checkstyle Plugin

Reviewer: remove this line

Reviewer: you missed this one

Reviewer: you still didn't remove this line)

- MySQL
- JDBC
- Apache Tomcat (v9.0.50)
- Servlet
- JSP
- JSTL
- HTML, CSS
- Lombok (v1.18.20)

## Instructions for setup :heavy_check_mark:

1. Configure Apache Tomcat (v9.0.50)
2. Install MySQL and MySQL Workbench
3. You can use the script from init_db.sql in MySQL Workbench or can create schema by using
diagram of DB from the picture below by yourself.

> 4. In the ConnectionUtil change the constant field data properties to the ones you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the ConnectionUtil change data properties to the ones you
```

specified when installing MySQL

> 5. Starting tomcat, click on "Register" to add a new driver.

Reviewer: remove this paragraph

> 6. In the log4j2.xml at line 7 change fileName path with absolute path to file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the log4j2.xml change fileName path with the absolute path to file
```

> ![Diagram](https://mate-academy-images.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/car_diagram_db_2_4f50942103.png)

Reviewer: let's remove this image or change for your own, it's quite popular)
